NORTON SOFTWARE AGREEMENT


SYMANTEC CORPORATION, IF YOU ARE LOCATED IN THE AMERICAS; OR SYMANTEC ASIA
PACIFIC PTE LTD, IF YOU ARE LOCATED IN THE ASIA PACIFIC RIM OR JAPAN; OR
SYMANTEC LIMITED, IF YOU ARE LOCATED IN EUROPE, THE MIDDLE EAST OR AFRICA
(“SYMANTEC”) IS WILLING TO PERMIT YOU TO USE THE SOFTWARE (AS DEFINED BELOW) AS
THE LEGAL ENTITY THAT WILL BE UTILIZING THE SOFTWARE (REFERENCED BELOW AS “YOU”
OR “YOUR”) ONLY ON THE CONDITION THAT YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS CONTAINED IN
THIS USAGE AGREEMENT (THE “AGREEMENT”).

1.	Use of the Norton Software.  The Norton Software that accompanies this
Agreement (the "Software") is the property of Symantec or its licensors and is
protected by copyright law.  Upon Your acceptance of these terms and conditions,
You may (i) download and use the Software for evaluation and possible
distribution on a gateway, router, or other network appliance device (a
“Device”) and (ii) subject to a separate written agreement with Symantec,
distribute the Software on such Devices to Your customers.  You may not (i)
reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, modify, translate, make any attempt to
discover the source code of the Software or create derivative works from the
Software; or (ii) use the Software in any manner not authorized by this
Agreement.
2.	Technical Support.  Symantec may, but is not obligated to provide technical
support for this Software and may not issue updates, upgrades or enhancements to
this Software, unless otherwise separately agreed to between You and Symantec.
3.	WARRANTY DISCLAIMER.  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS,” EXCLUSIVE OF ANY
WARRANTY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR ANY OTHER
WARRANTY, WHETHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED.

4.	DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES.  SOME STATES AND COUNTRIES, INCLUDING MEMBER
COUNTRIES OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA, DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR
EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES SO THE BELOW
LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL SYMANTEC OR
ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT OR
SIMILAR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY LOST PROFITS OR LOST DATA ARISING OUT OF THE USE
OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE EVEN IF SYMANTEC OR ITS LICENSORS HAVE BEEN
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  IN NO CASE SHALL SYMANTEC’S OR ITS
LICENSORS’ LIABILITY EXCEED TEN U.S. DOLLARS (U.S. $10.00).

5.	U.S. Government Restricted Rights.   For U.S. Government procurements, the
Software is deemed to be commercial computer software as defined in FAR 12.212
and subject to restricted rights as defined in FAR Section 52.227-19 "Commercial
Computer Software - Restricted Rights" and DFARS 227.7202, “Rights in Commercial
Computer Software or Commercial Computer Software Documentation”, as applicable,
and any successor regulations.  Any use, modification, reproduction release,
performance, display or disclosure of the Software by the U.S. Government shall
be solely in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

6.	Export Regulation.  The Software is subject to export controls administered
by the United States and other countries. Diversion contrary to U.S. law is
strictly prohibited.

You agree to comply with the requirements of the Export Administration
Regulations (the “EAR”) and all applicable international, national, state,
regional and local laws, and regulations, including any applicable import and
use restrictions.  The Software is currently prohibited for export or re-export
to Cuba, North Korea, Iran, Syria and Sudan and to any country subject to
applicable trade sanctions. You agree not to export, or re-export, directly or
indirectly, the Software to any country outlined in the EAR, nor to any person
or entity on the Department of Commerce Denied Persons, Entities and Unverified
Lists, the U.S. Department of State’s Debarred List, or on the U.S. Department
of Treasury's lists of Specially Designated Nationals, Specially Designated
Narcotics Traffickers, or Specially Designated Terrorists, as revised from time
to time.

USE OR FACILITATION OF SYMANTEC PRODUCT IN CONNECTION WITH ANY ACTIVITY
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE DESIGN, DEVELOPMENT, FABRICATION, TRAINING,
OR TESTING OF CHEMICAL, BIOLOGICAL, OR NUCLEAR MATERIALS, OR MISSILES, DRONES,
OR SPACE LAUNCH VEHICLES CAPABLE OF DELIVERING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION IS
PROHIBITED, IN ACCORDANCE WITH U.S. LAW.

By installing, using, or distributing the Software, You are agreeing to the
foregoing and all applicable export and import control laws. You are also
warranting that You are not under the control of, located in, or a resident or
national of any prohibited country or on any lists above. The information on
export laws provided herein is not necessarily complete. For more information on
export laws, please contact the U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry
and Security (the “BIS”). More information on the BIS can be found at:
http://www.bis.doc.gov/.

7.	General Terms.  If You are located in North America or Latin America, this
Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of California, United States
of America. Otherwise, this Agreement will be governed by the laws of England
and Wales.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement will
diminish any rights You may have under existing consumer protection legislation
or other applicable laws in Your jurisdiction.  This Agreement is the entire
agreement between You and Symantec relating to the Software and:  (i) supersedes
all prior or contemporaneous oral or written communications, proposals, and
representations with respect to its subject matter; and (ii) prevails over any
conflicting or additional terms of any quote, order, acknowledgment, or similar
communications between the parties. This Agreement shall terminate upon Your
breach of any term contained herein and You shall cease use of and destroy all
copies of the Software.  The disclaimers of warranties and damages and
limitations on liability shall survive termination.  This Agreement may only be
modified by a written document that has been signed by both You and Symantec.
Should You have any questions concerning this Agreement, or if You desire to
contact Symantec for any reason, please write to: (i) Symantec Customer Service,
555 International Way, Springfield, OR 97477, U.S.A., (ii) Symantec Consumer
Support, PO Box 5689, Dublin 15, Ireland, or (iii) Symantec Customer Service, 1
Julius Ave, North Ryde, NSW 2113, Australia.

CPS / OEMTLS 1.0 / GLBL
	1
